---
tags: alpha
title: 'Yet Another Blog?'
date: '2025-05-25'
---

Why start a blog in 2025? Is blogging still relevant?

I have my reasons.

No. I'm not sponsored by a corporation.
No. I don't aspire to be an influencer or a content creator.
No. I'm not going to revolutionize the world with my latest course on 'xyz'.

If you are looking for daily inspirational quotes, you may want to scroll somewhere else.

For a long time (most of my short life), I haven't been super active on the Internet, which is funny considering I was born into a world that has always had it. When I say active, I mean actually participating and not simply consuming.

In a sea of seemingly infinite media to scroll, I sometimes have thought of it as screaming into a void. Everyone else is. So, why not join the fun? But rather, my hope is to speak something gently into this void. Maybe these words will find someone out there who is listening instead of screaming. Maybe it will be useful or maybe not. I guess I don't care that much.

My reasons all mostly and selfishly point back to myself if I'm honest.

I'll try to organize my thoughts into three points, which in retrospect all seem to be one big point.

The classic reason is to 'push myself outside of my comfort zone'. I used quotes because its one of those things that people (at least in my small circle) generally say and agree must be a good and reasonable goal. But seriously, its easy to sit back and be lulled by aimlessly churning out social media on all these platforms. I'm not against social media by the way. By forcing myself to put things on the inter-webs with my own 'skin in the game' (by standing up a website with my own time and money), my thinking is it will be more intentional.

Numero dos. It's not just a blog. As I continue to grow in my career as a software developer (or whatever you call me), my hope is that most if not all of my learning/ideas/words will be educational therefore pushing me to really try and 'know my stuff'. I also find that my thinking is most clear when I write. So, by writing, I'll further cement these ideas in my mind and keep my skills sharp.

Lastly, I want to prove to myself that I can do this. Standing up a beautiful website on my own seems lofty. If I wanted, there are tons of platforms that I could use, but this place would be my own. Like a garden, I will get to cultivate it and choose what grows here. This makes me excited and terrified at the same time. As a developer, I should be able to do this, right?

We shall see where this goes.
